feature/waku-rpc (#135)
vacp2p/rfc: README.md

 - [waku](./specs/waku/waku.md) - ÐΞVp2p wire protocol, substituting [EIP-627](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-627).
 - [envelope data format](./specs/waku/envelope-data-format.md) - [waku](./specs/waku/waku.md) envelope data field specification.
 - [mailserver](./specs/waku/mailserver.md) - Mailserver specification for archiving and delivering historical [waku](./specs/waku/waku.md) envelopes on demand.

>  - [rpc api](./specs/waku/waku-rpc-api.md) - The RPC API for interacting with Waku nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [rpc api](./specs/waku/waku-rpc-api.md) - The RPC API for interacting with a Waku node.
```
